The juice is loose.
I need you to tell me what this means.
Oh, man. Let's have a look, shall we.
Long story short,
your daughter's screwed.
She decided to trade lives with a boy.
He gets to come back while
She's stuck on the other side permanently.
One way ticket on the soul train.
Soul train.
That's right. Last
stop. The great beyond.
She can't get on that train. You've
got to get me in there so I can get her out.
Well, I can get you in,
but I'd say you could pro quo.
Of course there is. What do you want?
Well, I've got this ex-wife,
you know, and she's kind of whack-job,
first of all, or
through. She's kind of clingy.
So I could just get
away from her permanently.
You want me to marry you?
Thought you’d never ask.
How do I know that
you're going to keep your word?
I swear on my dead mother's...
Yeah.
Nice.
Okay, fine. I'll marry you
if you help me save my daughter.
I'm going to need that in writing.